my overall impression of the whole
weekend was just I guess discussed it's
you hear about it and you know but I
don't think you're prepared to actually
see it like you can tell yourself
everything about it but actually seeing
the dogs faces and watching them
pleading with you through the bars and
the cages it just it eats at you than
just knowing what their life is going to
be like the ones that stayed and didn't
get out
what
the two shelties over there I believe
the sable one is nine and the other one
is seven is what I was told and they've
lived in a rabbit hutch the whole life
and just breeding operators inside a
rabbit hutch the same hash probably a
cage no bigger than that probably
smaller yep the other one has a really
large granuloma from a rubbing from
wearing those twine covered numbers
amazing to me that their appetites
they're still able to eat after all this
I guess it's just basic survival no
matter how bad you feel eat when you
have the chance I said you know it's
really interesting because being in the
rescue and being in where we're at
everybody that comes into this place
loves animals and they're all you touch
everything you love everything I was so
hugs it's the only place I've ever been
where people handle dogs like their
toxic waste they don't touch them they
don't pet them they hold them by their
scraps as far away from their body as
they possibly can it just no interaction
no warmth no interest in that dog other
than the bottom line the bottom dollar
unfortunately most of them get put to
sleep or dumped
euthanized not very humanely when they
stopped making their breeders money when
they're not producing large enough in
the litters or coming into heat frequent
enough when it's not financially
beneficial to the breeder
the next chapter they're going to we've
been assessing them cleaning them
putting the ones that are up for
adoption the younger ones you'll be
placed up for adoption this week kind of
the minut the minimum not very many of
them the rest of them are going to go
into foster homes and be you know worked
with and whatever they become adoptable
then they'll be placed up for adoption
at that time some of them it'll be much
longer than others you know I would like
to say that there's one of them that
isn't unscathed but they're all you know
tormented and tortured him and fat in
their own way but I think it's just
going to be the right people that know
that these dogs just need some time and
some understanding and they're going to
be happy grateful little kids
you